{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
GENERAL INFORMATION\
* Program Name : Campus Mate 2.0\
* Institution \'a0: Bowdoin College\
* Developer \'a0\'a0\'a0: Danielle McAvoy and Maddie Baird\
* Last Updated : May 15 2013\
* Written as part of Mobile Computing Class Spring of 2013\
\
DESCRIPTION\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sa200

\f1 \cf0 Our app built on Rob\'92s Campus Mate application which displays an interactive campus map.  We added features to the map in order to make it a better experiences for users.  The map will now allow users to pick tour mode or not tour mode. This is to allow the user to decide how they wish to use the app. It helps to differentiate it for visitors to Bowdoin and current Bowdoin staff and students.   Tour mode was a new feature we added. In tour mode the user will get alerts when there are audios for their closest building.   The alerts ask the user if they wish to listen to an audio recorded tour for that building.  If the user chooses to listen to the audio two buttons will appear at the bottom of the screen that allows the user to pause and play the audio.  They can also stop the audio completely if they don\'92t want to listen any longer.  The audios are blocked from popping up if you are far away from buildings but still on campus and the audios should only appear when you reach a new building so once you\'92ve gone by a building you won\'92t get those updates anymore.  Another added feature for the application was simple directions. These directions were meant to be a general guide to visitors as well as Bowdoin students and staff. It allows the user to orient themselves in relation to the place they want to get to.  A yellow line is drawn from the users current location to the desired location.  The map view should zoom as well as it can to contain the whole line for directions.  The last feature we add were a list of professors. The professor list is searchable and allows users to find out information about professors which they can then use to find their office.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0 \cf0 \
FEATURES\
-Support iPad and iPhone\
-Interactive Map\
-Searching My Professor\
-Searching By Building\
-Directions from current location\
-Audio Tours\
-Interactive Buttons for directions and audios\
-TourMode as a User Default\
-You can't interact with other buildings on the map while directions mode is up.  We liked this because we wanted to keep the user focused on directions and get rid of them if they want information about other buildings.\
\
\
KNOWN BUGS/ISSUES
\f1 \ul \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sa200
\cf0 \ulnone -Audio Recordings are old and out of date \'96 SCHEDULED TO BE UPDATED SUMMER 2013!\
-Location information is not as accurate when you are inside. Therefore tour mode will work better when people remain outside while using it. \
-Directions view and audio buttons mess each other up because of segue issues (This is dealt with now by not allowing users to pull up directions while listening to an audio)\
-Directions zoom does not always work perfectly\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0 \cf0 Future Work
\f1 \ul \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sa200
\cf0 \ulnone -Make it so that when you go to a detail page for a professor you can go to their building on the map\
-Make the detail view of the buildings have a link to pull up the professors for that building\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0 \cf0 \
}